what is going on stay guys Tomcat here
and today we are back in spin tires with
a Camaro zl1 now this is obviously not
something you would normally see in spin
tires but well I take that back it's not
exactly the zl1 it doesn't have the zl1
badging on the grille or the side but it
does have it on the cowl so I mean it is
kind of a zl1 and it kind of isn't
really what it is is it's a Camaro body
with a performance file just kind of
slapped onto it so it's not really
representative of any kind of realistic
camaro performance but you do have one
option then for customization that's it
you can switch the wheels to the stock
zl1 wheels or you can switch it back to
these I actually I'm going to stick with
these because I think they look kind of
cool just kind of for what they are but
we're gonna see how something that was
never meant to be in spin tires or even
something the likes of which was never
meant to be in spin tires we're going to
see how it actually works now
right off the bat I've got the
differential locked and it's I mean it's
you can tell it's not in its comfort
zone it gets mud all over it immediately
and it only has one damage point as you
can see right there when you look at
damage zero out of one and what I've
found out about this thing is that it's
really hard to damage it but if you do
damage it you're done it's dead so I
haven't actually I tested it out for
maybe I don't know two minutes before I
started recording this and the thing
about it was I slammed it into like mud
banks and stuff like that and the weird
thing about it was it didn't get damaged
so I don't know what kind of the
threshold for damages on this thing but
I'm assuming that due to that it's
actually pretty high and considering
what it is it's not bad in the mud
either it actually kind of pretty much
tore its way through the mud up here
ahead of me at this little stretch this
is the same stretch that took it down
when I was testing it before recording
and the funny thing about it was there
there was no there was no hesitation it
kind of drove like a like a u-az
might've and the weird thing about it is
that even though it's got like the only
option is diff lock I'm thinking it's
got all wheel drive on all the time
which again is why this is nowhere close
to being representative of an actual
Camaro but it is kind of nice to have
that body just the body style and just
to kind of also be able to say that
you've monitor come
to spintires it's actually kind of cool
but as you can see just slam it right
into the mud and it actually it is
pulling from the front end the front
wheels are turning so it is all-wheel
drive all the time then all you can do
really is just toggle the diff lock on
and off which helps quite a bit but I
mean it's pulling itself through the mud
impressively well it gets us to the
other side I mean it's like you're good
to go
the wheels and tires are absolutely
covered and coated in mud and the
interior cam doesn't really work it does
that so yeah I mean unless you want to
look at this steering wheel like
directly down at the steering wheel and
the shifter then I don't really
recommend using it because it's not
really going to help you in any real way
shape or form but as far as off-road
exploration vehicles go this is
definitely on the more odd side of
things for sure it's not something
you're going to see on the trails out at
Moab or anything like that it's not
something that you're going to see at an
off-road park it's not something this is
something you're going to see out on the
highway out on drag strips I mean if
it's a zl1 or 1le handling package then
you're going to see it on backroads but
you're not going to see it in this
environment absolutely not but it is
cool to know that when you have a game
like spin tires where we can do such
things and the thing is again the water
also doesn't really even damage it at
all I mean right there dangerous water
level but only a tiny little bit it's
not even giving me a red dangerous water
level warning it's just giving me a
white dangerous water level warning
which means there's very low probability
of actually sinking the car now I mean
we don't even have to winch I was
expecting to have to winch to those
trees we don't even have to winch it's
just pulling itself through it just
grabs traction and really just digs a
massive trench and goes it's like a
freaking bulldozer it really is it just
just bulldoze is this massive trench
through the mud and then eventually once
you get to the edge of the mud which I
think we may get to in a couple of years
once it does get there provided it's not
blocked by a rock well it's still a slow
go but honestly I think we might back up
just a bit and see if we can come at it
from a different angle
just to slightly avoid the rocks whoo no
I don't think so oh yeah I think we're a
little bit out of luck on that one but
we do have winch points which means we
can do this oh yeah oh yeah no problem
at all and while a Camaro is not
generally regarded as a light vehicle it
is lightweight compared to the normal
stuff you drive in spin tires like the
eight by eight and the six by six is
this is pretty lightweight compared to
those so the as you can imagine the
winch works surprisingly well with this
car oh come on it's really trying hard
to dig its way out I mean you know I'm
gonna actually put it in too low and see
if that makes any difference no I mean
well it's thing is it's making like it's
making progress in really tiny
increments really tiny it's like one of
those things where it'll eventually pull
itself out but you don't necessarily
want to wait for it I mean it's almost
there we just have a little bit more of
this like swampland to cover and then
we'll be back on actual ground solid
ground anyway well maybe not solid for a
little while because it's really muddy
around here but there we go I feel like
this is an extremely redneck edition of
spin tires right here
I'll come on we are so close Camero
swamp edition right here alright you
know what I'm gonna give in and use the
winch really for no reason other than
why not cuz once you're back on land
it's like okay we're good full power oh
it's a road out there
sweet I'm tired of messing around in the
swamp with this thing much rather have
an actual road surface oh go go go
oh my god now it's gotten itself stuck
because the automatic transmission
decided to be a little bit funky like
like a lot of these transmissions doing
spin tires they're not they're not great
transmissions except for the spun in
darkness transmissions those are
incredible but these now stick with
other transmissions thank you very much
they can clear these sticks if sticks
don't entirely impede this thing's
progress which I think they may have
yeah it's just spinning it's just
entirely spinning I feel like I'm gonna
have to cut this test short because
there's not much you can do with this
thing it's not a very like it's not very
focused to its actual environment but I
mean it is a bit of a laugh but at the
same time I can definitely think of
other vehicles that I rather using spin
tires but I mean if it was like it was a
different game where you had like say I
don't know tarmac then it would be a lot
more fun to use but if you guys enjoyed
this video and all the little short but
the next one will be a much longer then
don't forget to leave me a like tell me
in the comment section down below just
thought of it and if you're new to my
channel don't forget to subscribe for
more and I will see you guys in the next
one talk to you guys later